(Italics)The maintenance of this system is an extremely important aspect of this syste. It is critical 
that every device that communicates on this system stay maintained and in peek performance at all time. Well maintained
equipment will fail less. Due to the intense need for safety we can not cut corners for the CGC and need for 
a system that identifies the need for maintenance efficiently is critical. This project can be technically feasible identifieswe make this a focal point.
the maintenance system will monitor and respond to the cars, electric fence, the camera network, the kiosks and tokens.

Cars

The autonomous vehicle is a unique piece of equipment. It is fully aware of the sensors and parts that it controls.
We will leave it up to the company that we contract out with to build cars that can identify when they need maintenance.
We will work with the vehicle manufacturers to make sure the cars follow specific maintenance protocals. We will bbuild protocols that
address how a car behaves if it needs maintenance while with passengers out on the island but can still drive, or 
if it is more serious and the car can not drive.

Fence
    The fence is the most critical piece. we want to avoid the fence going down at all times.
    the fence will have redundent power coming in preferable there should be 4 redundent power uplinks. if one goes down the fence will stay up 
    without a hiccup. The redundent links should allow for maintanance without disturbing the fence. 
    
Camera Systems
     The camera system will have cameras that are how swappable for ease maintenace. the network links will be redundent as Well.
     They will report when they are down so they can be maintained
Tokens 
    Since this will act as a locater device for the visitors it is critical to their safety. these may need to be replaced
    and upgraded periodically
kiosks
    these should notify the control station of need for maintanance or have a manual override to turn on maintanance mode
CGC
    The main system should be able to test all other systems. When the CGC is put into maintanance mode it should be able
    to trigger a simulated fence down to see how the system will respond this will be done periodically to help isolate problems while there is not an emergecy in progress.
    

